README.md, before:

# OpenFin Runtime cli tool

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/openfin/openfin-cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/openfin/openfin-cli)

The OpenFin Cli tool will allow you to launch the OpenFin runtime given a url or a configuration file, it will also allow you to create configuration files by giving only name and url.

## Dependencies

You will need [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) to use the tool and creating configs will work cross platform, but launching the OpenFin runtime is restricted to Windows at the moment.

## Install

```sh
$ npm install -g openfin-cli
```


## Usage

```sh
$ openfin --help
```

## Examples

#### Launching OpenFin Demos
```
$ openfin --launch --config http://cdn.openfin.co/demos/hyperblotter/app.json
$ openfin --launch --config https://demoappdirectory.openf.in/desktop/config/apps/OpenFin/HelloOpenFin/app.json
```

#### Launching an application

```sh
$ openfin --launch --url http://www.openfin.co
```

Shorthand
```sh
$ openfin -l -u http://www.openfin.co
```

#### Creating a config file

```sh
$ openfin --config myconfig.json --name myAppName --url http://www.openfin.co
```

Shorthand
```sh
$ openfin  -c myconfig.json -n myAppName -u http://www.openfin.co
```

#### Launching a given config file

```sh
$ openfin --launch --config myconfig.json
$ openfin --launch --config http://goo.gl/w2747v
```

Shorthand
```sh
$ openfin -l -c myconfig.json
$ openfin -l -c http://goo.gl/w2747v
```

#### Generate installer URL
Will print a url to the console with the name proivided via the `-n` flag and the hosted confg
file url provided via the `-c` flag

```sh
$ openfin -n OpenFinPOC -c http://goo.gl/w2747v -h
```

#### Download an installer zip locally
Use the `-d` or `--destination` flag to specify the directory of the download. To download to the current directory use `-d .` or `--destination .`

```sh
$ openfin --destination my-dist-directory --installer http://goo.gl/w2747v
```
Shorthand
```sh
$ openfin -d my-dist-directory -i http://goo.gl/w2747v
```

#### Installer config options
```
--no-ext If set “true”, the file is extention-less'
--rvm-config URL that points to the RVM config. Must be a full URL.'
'--support-email The email address to display in the installer when an error occurs. Default value = support@openfin.co"'
--dnl Installs an application without launching it. Set value to true [dnl=true]'

```
## License

Apache 2.0

The code in this repository is covered by the included license.  If you run this code, it may call on the OpenFin RVM or OpenFin Runtime, which are subject to OpenFin’s [Developer License](https://openfin.co/developer-agreement/). If you have questions, please contact support@openfin.co

[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/openfin-cli
[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/openfin-cli.svg
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/rdepena/openfin-cli
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/rdepena/openfin-cli.svg?branch=master
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/rdepena/openfin-cli.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/rdepena/openfin-cli

Commit message:

Update ReadMe with license language edits

README.md, after:

# OpenFin Runtime cli tool

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/openfin/openfin-cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/openfin/openfin-cli)

The OpenFin Cli tool will allow you to launch the OpenFin runtime given a url or a configuration file, it will also allow you to create configuration files by giving only name and url.

## Dependencies

You will need [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) to use the tool and creating configs will work cross platform, but launching the OpenFin runtime is restricted to Windows at the moment.

## Install

```sh
$ npm install -g openfin-cli
```


## Usage

```sh
$ openfin --help
```

## Examples

#### Launching OpenFin Demos
```
$ openfin --launch --config http://cdn.openfin.co/demos/hyperblotter/app.json
$ openfin --launch --config https://demoappdirectory.openf.in/desktop/config/apps/OpenFin/HelloOpenFin/app.json
```

#### Launching an application

```sh
$ openfin --launch --url http://www.openfin.co
```

Shorthand
```sh
$ openfin -l -u http://www.openfin.co
```

#### Creating a config file

```sh
$ openfin --config myconfig.json --name myAppName --url http://www.openfin.co
```

Shorthand
```sh
$ openfin  -c myconfig.json -n myAppName -u http://www.openfin.co
```

#### Launching a given config file

```sh
$ openfin --launch --config myconfig.json
$ openfin --launch --config http://goo.gl/w2747v
```

Shorthand
```sh
$ openfin -l -c myconfig.json
$ openfin -l -c http://goo.gl/w2747v
```

#### Generate installer URL
Will print a url to the console with the name proivided via the `-n` flag and the hosted confg
file url provided via the `-c` flag

```sh
$ openfin -n OpenFinPOC -c http://goo.gl/w2747v -h
```

#### Download an installer zip locally
Use the `-d` or `--destination` flag to specify the directory of the download. To download to the current directory use `-d .` or `--destination .`

```sh
$ openfin --destination my-dist-directory --installer http://goo.gl/w2747v
```
Shorthand
```sh
$ openfin -d my-dist-directory -i http://goo.gl/w2747v
```

#### Installer config options
```
--no-ext If set “true”, the file is extention-less'
--rvm-config URL that points to the RVM config. Must be a full URL.'
'--support-email The email address to display in the installer when an error occurs. Default value = support@openfin.co"'
--dnl Installs an application without launching it. Set value to true [dnl=true]'

```
## License

Apache 2.0

The code in this repository is covered by the included license.

However, if you run this code, it may call on the OpenFin RVM or OpenFin Runtime, which are covered by OpenFin’s Developer, Community, and Enterprise licenses. You can learn more about OpenFin licensing at the links listed below or just email us at support@openfin.co with questions.

https://openfin.co/developer-agreement/ <br/>
https://openfin.co/licensing/

[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/openfin-cli
[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/openfin-cli.svg
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/rdepena/openfin-cli
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/rdepena/openfin-cli.svg?branch=master
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/rdepena/openfin-cli.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/rdepena/openfin-cli
